

Wishing you an unforgettable birthday celebration this year!

You are the one person that I don’t have to explain my craziness to and the one person whose craziness | can't explain. And that’s great. Happy Birthday.

May your life be filled with sweet moments, happy smiles and innumerable success.
All good things you have given to me may return to you on a great scale. Happy
Birthday dear brother.

1. Happy birthday tothe most awesome lady iknow.

2. Happy birthday tothe most wonderful gi have ever known, May you enjoy tis special
dyin yourtite

3. Youhave been waiting this day Fora year Its inaly here with us. May you make it
memorable! Happy birthday gil

4. Happy birthday, Mayall your dreams come tue. hope you have the time of your ife on
this special day.

‘5. May al the blessings and love come your way. Todays your day. Make it fun and
‘memorable. Happy birthday gi.

6. Happy birthday tothe most beautiful gi inthe world. hope all your dreams come true.
Hove a memorable dy.

1 Today isa special day to celebrate. Let's go out and have Fun. Happy birthday get!

8. May tis day be Filed with ove, oy, laughter and happiness. May your star continue to
shine. May you have the best Happy birthday ever

9. Happy birthday tothe most pretty gir in the world. wish you lots of lve, ood health,
strength and blessings.

10. What a lovely day to celebrate your birthday. I wish you lots of love, jy, happiness and
laughter May you have an amazing happy birthday.

11. Happy Birthday to you friend, Wishing you a day full of fun. Enjoy yourself gir.

12. Today isan amazing day. A day to enjoy and begin a new year. May llthe beautiful gifts
come your way. Happy birthday git


111. Happy Birthday to you friend, Wishing you a day Fl oF Fun Enjoy yourself gi

12. Today isan amazing day. A day to enjoy and begin a new year. May llthe beautiful gifts
come your way. Happy birthday git

14. You always shine lke the star. May you continue shinning and spreading the love. Happy
birthday pretty git!

15. Lam glad to have you as a friend. Having you isa blessing to me. You are my best. Happy
bicthday ie

16. Wishing your special day full of blessings love and happiness. Happy birthday to special
ie.

17. You ae such an amazing Friend, may this day bring you lots of laugh and smile. Happy
birthday toa true friend.

18. May you have more and more blessings than you have ever imagined. May this day be
‘special to your life. Happy birthday gi

19, Happy birthday special lad. Today sa wonderful day. May ll the love and blessings
come your way. Have Funto the Fullest.

20. The best moments are always best when shared with Friends. Today is your special day.
‘Wishing you the bestn your birthday.

21.1 wish you a bright day, Full of un, love and happiness onthe special day. Happy Birthday
ie.

22. Happy birthday gir. 's another wonderful year to start anew ife. The pasts gone. I's
time to write a new chapter. May allthe blessings and love come your way.

23. You are sucha caring fiend. One ofa kind, a true and rare friend. Wishing you ahappy
_and lovely birthday.

24. My memorable moments are with you- You are an amazing Friend. May you havea magical
happy bithday.

25.A fiend is someone who touches someone’sheart.You are that person. May tis day be
bright and beautiflin your life. Happy birthday ge

26. Wishing you a beautiful day Fl of celebration and cheer. Happy birthday toa lovely lady
iney Ue.

27. Happy birthday to the Friend who knows best and cares. May this day bring jy to your
lite. Happy birthday to you

(£8. Que Frendiship is like the star. It is always stunning. Mappy Dirtnday gir! and may your day
be Filled with happiness.

29, These ae the moments think about our friendship. The steps we have taken in life
together Life has been sucha blessing, Happy birthday git.

Birthday Wishes for Best Girl Friend

30. Your value in my fe is more important than you can imagine. Life without our Friendship
‘would be empty. Happy birthday girl

31. What a lovely day. il ight up your life even after you blow the candles. Happy birthday
Friend

32. Happy birthday gir. Thanks Fr always being there fr me. You ae the best. Happy
birthday greeting git

33. When you are around feel comfortable and relaxed. Without you Feel empty. Happy
birthday frend

234.1 may nat be your bestfriend but| promise to try my best. Happy birthday on this special
dyin yourtite

235. Happy birthday to the friend whois always in my heart. May your day be filed with joy

36. I wish that your birthday brings anew year Fllof blessing. May all your wishes come true.
Happy Birthday it

37. May your destiny take you to wherever you have ever dreamt of May you have
‘wonderful birthday

138. Happy birthday to the person who reminds me what life means. May your day be Filled
with laughter and happiness

138. Happy birthday to the person who reminds me what life means. May your day be Filled
with laughter and happiness

39, Every year you have a birthday ee Uke its mine llthe blessings wil Finally trickle
down to me. Happy birthday girl.


“40, You are the best Friend anyone could ever wish for. May your birthday bring muchjoy and
happiness onthe special day

“41, Whenever think of my bes friend, think of you. May you have a wonderful birthday

“42. Many Friends have come and gone. But you have always stood by me through thick and
thin, Noone is ike you. May you have ahappy birthday

42, Finding true friends is ciffcut. On this special day in your life, would keto let you know
you area true friend. May youhave a Happy Birthday

 

“44, Happy Birthday tothe Friend who has seenitall Where can start. don'tknow where!
‘would be without you. May thie special day be memorable!

45. Friends like you don't come along easly. That's why want to let you know how much you
‘are appreciated, May this day be Filled with love and joy. Happy birthday to you

“46s hard to Find good frends now thats have Found you iam not letting go ofthe amazing
Friendship we share. want to wish you ahappy birthday pal

47. When we were kids never thought ife would be this Fun. We would share alot. hope to
share more happy birthdays with you

48. n if ts only a true friend can stand by you through thick and thin. Thanks for being that
Friend. wish you a happy birthday.

149. Abirthdays celebrated once a year, ou Friendship is special everyday. May this day be
Full oy and laughter. Happy birthday get.

50. Age is just a number. cat count the memorable moments we have shared. May this
special day notbe different. Happy birthday git

S51. We have shared a ot since we were kids. appreciate your Friendship. lam gratefulto
have you as 2 friend. Happy birthday git

52. Happy birthday to the most amazing person in my fe You area true Friend, Mayall your
reams come true especially on this special day

'53. Sending you bunches of birthday wishes on this special day in your ife. May you be
blessed throughout the year with joy and happiness

